[Autogenerated] we may now move to the next way of
working with spring GOP introductions.
More exactly the declarative way of advising objects and in particular
to the work with the declare parents annotation.
We have this flight class having to private fields
String I D and string Company.
The class also has yet hers and centers for the fields.
We have the flyer interface containing three methods.
Take off fly and land and the flower in class that implements the flower
interface and overrides the three methods take off fly and land flare imp
will only implement the flower in their face.
He does not need to extend delegating introduction interceptor any
longer as it was a case of working programmatically the
configuration of the application switched from the XML alternative
to this Java based alternative.
You see that this class is annotated with configuration to show its
destination and with enable aspect J auto proxy.
This is the equivalent of the a o P Aspect J Dash auto proxy
directive and enables the aspect J support,
he declares one method annotated with being so that it will create one
being Toby injected into the application for the beginning.
The Flyer test class declares the context configuration Toby,
the one defined by the convict lass.
In order to do this,
it is an irritated with extend with spring extension dot class
and this context configuration having the configuration class
calm dot parasite that spring.
GOP dot flies management don't convict dot config.
The test expects an auto wire flight instance and uses it for a few operations.
Let's run the test.
The test run successfully, and it prints the I D and the company of the flight.
We will now move to the demonstration of using Spring Europea introductions.
Decoratively,
we create the com dot parasites those spring GOP dot flights
management that aspects package Inside it,
we are creating the flight aspect class.
We annotate this class with aspect and introduce a flyer flight field
annotated with declare parents value com dot parasite thought,
spring GOP Thought flights management dot domaine dot flight
and the fourth attempt flier dot Class.
This means that the flight field will have a new parent,
the flower interface,
and it's the fourth Implementation will be a flower in object.
To delegate to.
It will add a new flight aspect being the configuration.
Toby injected in the application.
We moved back to the flyer test and we check the fact that the
auto wired flight is an instance of flyer,
and we also try to execute the action specific to the flyer,
take off fly and land.
But that's run the test,
that this is green and we see that the flight is successfully taking off.
Flying and landing.
Is the auto wired flight an instance of flour imp?
No, of course not.
The flight object belongs to a class that extends flight.
Remember, Java does not allow multiple inheritance,
so as long as we extend flight, we cannot extend any other class.
But we implement the flower interface and we delegate
to a contained flyer and object.
But which is the effective class of the proxy flight object?
That's jacket.
We're on the test and we see that the effective class of proxy flight is calm.
The parasite.
The spring GOP dot flies management dot domaine dot flight Dollar dollar
enhancer by spring CG lib dollar dollar nine to be f to be five d.
The name showed that is a class dynamically generated at
runtime by spring framework using CG leap,
the usage of the dollar door sign is allowed in the Java class.
Names the numeric offset nine to be F to be five d
Makes this class name unique tow.
Avoid conflicts with existing classes.
Let's have a second look at the structure of classes that is
built behind the curtain by spring a O.
P.
It is the same as in the case of working programmatically,
but it is worse reviewing What have we done so far,
we have created a flower interface and its
implementation flare imp and a flight class.
What did the spring GOP framework do?
It has created a proxy flight class that directly extends our flight class,
and it also implements the flyer interface.
A proxy flight has a flower, in instance, so it can delegate behavior to it.
This way we may conclude that the proxy flight class acts as a flight and as a
flier and in particular by delegating tow the flower imp.
It may also act as a flower imp,
so we may say that we obtained a mixing a special type of multiple inheritance.
The proxy flight class constructed by the spring GOP
framework is at the same time a flight.
And the flyer we proved it acts like a flight.
We were able to obtain its i.
D and it's company and it asked like a flyer.
We proved that it takes off.
It flies and it Lance, how does it do it?
It does it as a flower imp.
The implementation we introduced.
So how can I?
Kemper the spring GOP introductions,
programmatic approach and the D clarity of one.
The decorative coat is shorter.
You will live this aspect and the field annotated with the
clear parents for the programmatic approach.
We need to explicitly declare an adviser that extends the
fort Introduction Advisor Make the flower imp class
extent delegating introduction, interceptor.
But to have full control on what we're doing for both approaches,
we may use either the Spring XML configuration or the Java based alternative.
We have used the XML one for the programmatic approach and
Java based one for the decorative one.
But we could have reversed them to conclude this model.
We explain what the introduction is and what it is for.
We started from a flight class needing to implement
on additional flower interface,
and we implemented this requirement by advising the object
programmatically and by advising it decoratively,
we comfort the programmatic and the clarity of approaches showing the advantages and disadvantages of each of them.